.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 Kyle Milz <kyle@0x30.net>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: April 9 2016 $
.Dt CITRUN_GL 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm citrun_gl
.Nd see code run
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
utility shows any programs built with
.Xr citrun_wrap 1 .
.Pp
Every time a program built with
.Xr citrun_wrap 1
is executed
.Nm
detects and displays it.
.Pp
Any running programs are shown as such with animations indicating
executing lines.
Programs that have exited already show the hottest code paths taken during
application lifetime.
.Pp
The viewer is keyboard driven with the following keys being recognized:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It q
Quit application.
.It -
Zoom out.
.It =
Zoom in.
.It h
Move left.
.It j
Move down.
.It k
Move up
.It l
Move right.
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr citrun_wrap 1
