.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 Kyle Milz <kyle@0x30.net>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: April 10 2016 $
.Dt CITRUN-WRAP 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm citrun-wrap
.Nd enable rewriting on a build command
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Ar build_cmd
.Op Ar arg1 Ar ... Ar argN
.Sh DESCRIPTION
C It Run uses source code rewriting, also called instrumentation. The only time
rewriting can succeed is at software compilation time.
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility enables rewriting on any source files compiled by
.Ar build_cmd .
.Pp
An important caveat is that
.Ar build_cmd
must search
.Ev PATH
when finding compiler executables, which must be named one of the following:
.Pp
.Bl -bullet -compact
.It
clang
.It
clang++
.It
egcc
.It
eg++
.It
gcc
.It
g++
.It
cc
.It
c++
.El
.Pp
The warnings and errors from the rewrite tool are indiscernible from the
warnings and errors generated by the native compiler, so all rewriting activity
is sent to a
.Pa citrun.log
file.
Human readable summaries can be generated by
.Xr citrun-check 1 .
.Pp
Incremental building is supported, but mixing object files created by different
versions of
.Nm
is not.
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Pa citrun.log
Rewrite activity log.
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
The
.Nm
utility exits with the build command exit code.
.Sh EXAMPLES
Let
.Qq program
be in a project that is:
.Pp
.Bl -bullet -compact
.It
written in C
.It
compiled with gcc
.It
built with make and make searches PATH for gcc
.El
.Pp
Prepending
.Nm
to the projects build command adds instrumentation:
.Pp
.Dl $ citrun-wrap make
.Pp
Now see
.Qq program
run:
.Pp
.Dl $ ./program
.Pp
If no viewer is running then
.Xr citrun-gl 1
is started.
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr citrun-check 1 ,
.Xr citrun-term 1
