.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2016 Kyle Milz <kyle@0x30.net>
.\"
.\" Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
.\" purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
.\" copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
.\" WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
.\" MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
.\" ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
.\" WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN
.\" ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF
.\" OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
.\"
.Dd $Mdocdate: August 13 2016 $
.Dt CITRUN-INST 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm citrun_inst
.Nd rewrite source code
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Ar compile_cmd
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Pp
Warning:
.Nm
is not usually called directly. Use
.Xr citrun_wrap 1
instead.
.Pp
The
.Nm
utility performs source code rewriting. It visits statements in source files and
adds extra code to some of them.
.Pp
.Nm
should accept any
.Ar compile_cmd
that the compilers listed in
.Xr citrun_wrap 1
would accept.
.Sh CALLING DIRECTLY
When
.Nm
is called directly it only performs its source code rewriting
step. That means it does not perform its usual call to compile the (possibly)
rewritten source file.
.Pp
Calling directly is useful for debugging rewrite failures and rewritten source
compile
failures.
.Pp
In this mode, successfully rewritten source files have
.Qq .citrun
appended to their file name and diagnostic information is printed to both
standard output and
.Pa citrun.log .
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr citrun_wrap 1
